OSDOCS#15171: Update the z-stream RN for 4.15.54 (#95739)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

// 4.15.54
[id="ocp-4-15-54_{context}"]

> === RHBA-2025:10306 - {product-title} 4.15.54 bug fix and security update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== RHBA-2025:10306 - {product-title} 4.15.54 bug fix update
```

Issued: 09 July 2025

> {product-title} release 4.15.54, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in this update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:10306[RHBA-2025:10306] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in this update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:10307[RHBA-2025:10307] advisory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release 4.15.54 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in this update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:10306[RHBA-2025:10306] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in this update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:10307[RHBA-2025:10307] advisory.
```

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.15.54 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-15-54-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, proxy variables were not respected in Machine Config Daemon pods during in-place upgrades due to missing proxy configuration integration. As a consequence, failed upgrades occurred due to incorrect image pulls. With this release, proxy variables are respected in Machine Config Daemon pods during successful in-place upgrades. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57553[OCPBUGS-57553])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, proxy variables were not respected in Machine Config Daemon pods during in-place upgrades because of missing proxy configuration integration. As a consequence, failed upgrades occurred because of incorrect image pulls. With this release, proxy variables are respected in Machine Config Daemon pods during successful in-place upgrades. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-57553[OCPBUGS-57553])
```
